docs: Add MoveIteratorFactory example to the docs (#606)
TimefoldAI/timefold-solver: docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/optimization-algorithms/optimization-algorithms.adoc

        };
    }

    @Override
    public Iterator<MyChangeMove> createRandomMoveIterator(ScoreDirector<MyPlanningSolution> scoreDirector,
            Random workingRandom) {
        // Not needed if selectionOrder is ORIGINAL or if it is cached
        var solution = scoreDirector.getWorkingSolution();
        var entities = solution.getEntities();
        var values = solution.getValues();

        return new Iterator<>() {
            @Override
            public boolean hasNext() {
                return !entities.isEmpty();
            }

            @Override
            public MyChangeMove next() {
                var selectedEntity = entities.get(workingRandom.nextInt(entities.size()));
                var selectedValue = values.get(workingRandom.nextInt(values.size()));
                while (!selectedEntity.canBeAssigned(selectedValue)) {
                    // This assumes there at least one value that can be assigned to the selected entity
                    selectedValue = values.get(workingRandom.nextInt(values.size()));
                }
                return new MyChangeMove(selectedEntity, selectedValue);
            }
        };
    }
}
----

[NOTE]
====

> The example above can also be done using <<filteredSelection,filtered selection>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same effect can also be accomplished using <<filteredSelection,filtered selection>>.
```
